**functioning**:My main purpose for this project was to use as few sensors as needed to take a picture.  Two servos move a laser horizontally and vertically, then a photoresistor in a voltage divider can be read with the Arduino.  The laser moves in such a way that a full scan of 60x60 pixels can be read and printed to the Arduino's terminal.  The output can simply be copy-pasted into a text file and be processed by a Python script into creating a BMP image.

**Problems**: My first attempt scanned the image in a zigzag pattern, making the decoding file more complicated, but this approach wasn't appropriate for the servos, as the even scan lines were shifted from the odd ones, making the image come out wonky.  The servo can't easily handle sub-degree changes, so I was limited to about 80x80 resolution.

**Goals**: I am planning to attach gears or pulleys to the ends of the servos to transform the 180 degree range with a resolution of a single degree into a system that can extend to 60 degrees but has a resolution of 1/3 degrees.  I also want to add mirrors to this to avoid having to attach a laser to the servers themselves, and I can easily change the laser to a larger one if I wish.  Finally, I would want to incorporate an easier system to handle the data so the image automatically gets produced as the process finishes instead of having to copy and paste and run the Python script.  After that I would like to get a projector and maybe incorporate Fourier transforms, but that's in the future.
